MASTER ITERATION in DELAYED COLUMN GENERATION

  - Suppose the original problem is
 
      minimize      cx
      subject to    Ax   =  b
                     x  >=  0

  INPUT:    1.         A basic feasible solution to the original problem
            2. A'      A basis matrix associated with the given
                       basic feasible solution

  OUTPUT:   1.         The optimal solution of the subproblem
            2.         The basis matrix associated with the optimal solution

  PROCESS:  1. Find entering variable xj.
               If no entering variable remained, then terminate
            2. Generate subproblem such that:

                 minimize      c'x'
                 subject to    A'x'  =  b
                                 x  >=  0

               where x' is a vector of nonzero variables associated with A'
               and c'x' is objective function of the generated subproblem

               * REMARK  Note that the basic feasible solution to the
                         original problem is basic feasible solution to
                         the subproblem we generate. So we have a starting
                         point for solving the subproblem
 
            3. Solve the subproblem with given starting point.
               Return the optimal solution of the subproblem

              
               * REMARK  Note that the optimal solution of a subproblem is
                         a basic feasible solution to original problem


DELAYED COLUMN GENERATION

 1. Find a basic feasible solution.
    If there is no feasible solution, terminate

 2. Repeat master iterations until no entering variable remain
    If the problem is unbounded, terminate

 3. Return optimal solution
 
 * REMARK  Note that every spanning tree polytope problem always has 
           the optimal solution. So we don't need to care about neither
           infeasible case nor unbounded case

PRIMAL SIMPLEX METHOD

REMARK: (s, y) = (x*, 0) is a basic feasible solution

HEURISTIC
  We pick arbitrary j...
  It means that picking largest value among remain spanning tree is OK.

IDEA
  Sort edges by value?  by degree??


ALGORITHM (Delayed Column Generation on Spanning Tree Polytope LP Problem)

  1. Sort edges with largest value to lowest value

  variable  <-  An arbitrary basic feasible solution
  matrix  <-  An associated basis matrix
  Repeat master iteration

  *MASTER* Iteration
    i in I
